README.md, before:

entop
=====
A top-like Erlang node monitoring tool

Introduction
------------
Entop is a tool which shows information about a remote Erlang node in a way which is similar to unix 'top'. It needs cecho verion 0.3.0 or higher (http://www.github.com/mazenharake/cecho) to run.

Usage
-----
To run entop make sure you have Erlang installed and that the cecho library (http://www.github.com/mazenharake/cecho) is available in your Erlang code path. The start script assumes that you run it inside the entop application root directory, if you don't want that then change the paths in the scripts accordingly or just make sure you have the ebin/ directory for entop in your Erlang code path. Look at the start script for more details.

    Usage: ./entop <TARGETNODE> [-name <NAME>|-sname <SNAME>] [-setcookie <COOKIE>]

An example of how you run entop:

    > ./entop foo@11.0.1.2 -name entop@11.0.1.3 -setcookie secret

Commands when running entop:
[1-N]: 
  Sort on column number 1 through N. Starts with first column (1) and up to N
  where N is the last column.
    
r:
  Toggles the sorting order from ascending to descending and vice versa.

q:
  Quits entop and return to the shell.

Ctrl-C:
  Same as 'q'.

'<' and '>':
  Moves the sorting column to the left or right respectively

Contribute
----------
Should you find yourself using entop and have issues, comments or feedback please [create an issue!] [1]

[1]: http://github.com/mazenharake/entop/issues "entop issues"

Commit message:

Update to make some things more clear

README.md, after:

# entop
A top-like Erlang node monitoring tool

## Introduction
Entop is a tool which shows information about a remote Erlang node in a way which is similar to unix 'top'. It needs cecho verion 0.3.0 or higher (http://www.github.com/mazenharake/cecho) to run.

## Usage
To run entop make sure you have Erlang installed and that the cecho library (http://www.github.com/mazenharake/cecho) is available in your Erlang code path. The start script assumes that you run it inside the entop application root directory, if you don't want that then change the paths in the scripts accordingly or just make sure you have the ebin/ directory for entop in your Erlang code path. Look at the start script for more details.

    Usage: ./entop <TARGETNODE> [-name <NAME>|-sname <SNAME>] [-setcookie <COOKIE>]

### An example of how you run entop:

    > ./entop foo@11.0.1.2 -name entop@11.0.1.3 -setcookie secret

### User Interface:
entop's interface can be customized so this section only applies for the "built-in" interface.

#### Headers
First row shows information about the node which is more or less static such as the node name the operating system, erl flags and erlang version it is running.    
The second row shows information on what the local time is (according to the node), how long it has been up for (Days:Hours:Minutes:Seconds) and how much latency there is to the node I.e. how long a net_adm:ping() takes.    
Third row shows information about the processes of the system; the total number of processes, the run queue (number of processes scheduled to run by the scheduler(s)), the reductions per interval (RpI) which shows how many reductions the system has made since it last called the node and how much memory the processes are using.   
Fourth row shows how much system memory, atom memory (currently used/total allocated), binary memory, code memory and ets memory.    
Fifth row is left bland and is reserved for now.    
Sixth row shows information about the rows in the list such as the interval in which the information is fetched, what the list is sorted on and how long it took to retrieve the information.

### Commands when running entop:

[1-N]: 
  Sort on column number 1 through N. Starts with first column (1) and up to N
  where N is the last column.
    
r:
  Toggles the sorting order from ascending to descending and vice versa.

q:
  Quits entop and return to the shell.

Ctrl-C:
  Same as 'q'.

'<' and '>':
  Moves the sorting column to the left or right respectively (these are the lower/greater-than-tags; not arrow keys).

Contribute
----------
Should you find yourself using entop and have issues, comments or feedback please [create an issue!] [1]

[1]: http://github.com/mazenharake/entop/issues "entop issues"
